>> REGINA MEREDITH: Many of you
have taken the time to look up
in the sky and have become aware
of the phenomena called chem
trails.
I interviewed the producers
of "What in the World
are They Spraying?", Michael
Murphy and G. Edward Griffin,
as to the chem trails' effect on
people, animal, and plant life.
>> MICHAEL MURPHY: We now have
a huge major ozone hole above
both the Northern and
Southern Hemisphere.
A number of people
now are recognizing
that they're burning
much quicker in the sun,
and we have documented
cases of our UV going up.
And again, that's a stated
consequence of geoengineers.
>> REGINA: Which should be
directly relating to skin
cancers as well.
I would think a rise
in skin cancers.
>> MURPHY: Which we've seen
is an incredible increase
in respiratory mortality, which
has gone from number eight down
to number three in
the past six years,
which geoengineers
deny about that.
But PH changes in our soil--
and they even state that once,
if they implement
these programs,
which they already have--
>> REGINA: If?
They've been doing this
for well over a decade.
>> MURPHY: Well over a decade.
And they state that it
could disrupt the food
supply of over 2 billion people.
>> REGINA: Now, we're going to
take the conversation further
in an interesting direction
into some of the science
and technologies that may be
neutralizing the chem trails.
In addition,
researcher and engineer
Ken Rohla and I
will also discuss
perhaps the most powerful
technology of all
in encountering negative impacts
on our health and well being,
and that's consciousness.
Ken, I'm so happy
to have you here.
Not too long ago, we were
both at the same conference
here in Boulder, and I heard
about you after the fact.
I think you kind of
sneaked in under the wire.
And everyone said,
oh my God, you
have to hear what
this man has to say.
Well, I couldn't at that
time, so here we are.
Now, I mean, chem
trails, they're there.
What's more interesting to me
is what we can do about it.
And I really love the
research that you've done,
and also, we have on the table
here a very interesting device.
But I'd like to get a
little background on you
first so that everyone
here will know
how you came to create
this, starting back
with your fascination with
the work of Wilhelm Reich.
>> KEN ROHLA: My whole life,
I've been a troublemaker
and class clown in school and
always questioned authority.
And really, it was just because
I wanted to understand things.
So all of this has
come from wanting
to understand reality and
the world and the universe
and how things work.
And so after about 23
years working in the health
industry-- I should say
the medical industry--
and seeing the
shortcomings of that,
I decided to get
out of all of that,
get out of the high-technology
work that I was doing,
and become a potter.
And so I did that, became a
potter for about five years,
and in the course of that, wound
up spending some years healing
my own body of health
issues using living foods
and detoxification.
And so people started
coming to my house
and asking me, what's
up with the way you live
and all this living
food stuff and not
watching television and this
whole different way of life?
And after moving
to Florida, I got
tired of having two and
three-hour conversations
having to explain my
lifestyle to people,
and I was complaining about
it to a friend of mine.
And he said, well, you ought to
do a workshop for your friends
and get them off your back.
And I thought, wow,
that's a brilliant idea.
So I did a workshop
in teaching about how
to heal with living foods.
And I thought, OK, great.
Those people will
leave me alone now.
And instead, what happened
was they went and told people,
and then I had to do another.
And they went and
told people, and I
had to do another and another.
And so I got deeply
into teaching
about healing with
living foods and did
that for quite a few years.
And so in the course of
that, being an engineer,
being trained as
an engineer, I've
always viewed this as
creating solutions, finding
the solutions or else creating
the solutions for myself
and then sharing it
with other people.
And so probably 10
years ago, I started
seeing people that were
coming to me when they would
go and get testing showing
up with these heavy metals
in their bodies-- barium,
strontium, and aluminum.
And the first thing that came
on my mind was chem trials.
And nobody was talking
about it back then,
but I was seeing it in the
skies and wondering about it
and then seeing this in probably
85% of my clients showing up.
>> REGINA: And it was actually
isolating those particular
heavy metals in tests?
Strontium as well?
>> ROHLA: Oh, yeah, those three.
It was always those three.
I mean, people always have
other heavy metals, but always
those three, and I always
wondered why and in such high
concentrations and
so consistently.
And also, I started comparing
notes with other friends
around the world who
were practitioners,
and they were seeing
the same things
showing up in people's bodies.
And so I suspected
it, and then I
started seeing scientific
evidence that there were
scientists coming out and
saying, we're seeing this, too.
And then, of course,
the "Why in the World?"
and "What in the World are They
Spraying?' videos came out.
So in the course of all that
in looking for solutions,
I had looked at some technology
that Nikola Tesla had developed
called a personal oscillator
for destressing people
and getting them
into deep sleep.
And so I modernized
that technology
and created this
small device that you
can carry with yourself.
And so it puts out this subtle
energy called skalar waves,
so I knew how to create skalar
waves with electronic circuits.
And then it was really when
the Fukushima nuclear disaster
happened-- and notice
I didn't say accident--
but when the nuclear
disaster happened,
the first thing in
my mind was, OK,
there's got to be a
solution for this.
Because I had already been
a student of consciousness
my entire life.
And I knew that whenever
a problem is created,
the solutions are always
created simultaneously,
because that's how the energy
of consciousness works.
And I get into this
a lot about how
the physics of consciousness
works and how these polarities
of energy, when a
problem is created,
the solution is also created.
>> REGINA: Very important
point to make here.
>> ROHLA: Very important.
>> REGINA: Because people
go into fear thinking
they're isolated there
with the problem.
Not the case.
>> ROHLA: Exactly.
And that is
something that I make
a point of sharing with
people, not to get in fear.
Because even if it
looks like everything's
going to hell in a
handbasket, the solutions
are already out there.
And for the people that choose
them, they'll be just fine.
Forget about anything that
may come down the road.
If you just look at
what's already occurring,
people are
self-destructing already
with what's going on,
choosing the old paradigm
over the new paradigms.
And those people that try
to hang on to the old ways
are going to self-destruct.
>> REGINA: It's interesting,
because a lot of people that
are in fear regarding these
externals that are coming
in at the same time often
will not take or do not choose
to take responsibility on
a much more personal level
for what's happening
to the body.
We can trash this
body so easily.
We don't have to look as far
as radiation or chem trails,
so what you say is
a very good point.
First, you have to look at
yourself and your own habits.
>> ROHLA: That's very true.
And human beings in general
usually won't look at things
and change until
they've reached a pain
level that's pretty high.
>> REGINA: That's right.
OK, so let's continue
with your story then.
>> ROHLA: OK, getting back to
how I discovered this stuff
and Reich's technology.
So when the nuclear
disaster hit, I immediately,
knowing that there were
solutions already out there,
I started looking around.
I just started
doing some googling
and immediately
found lots and lots
of people developing these
devices called cloudbusters
or chem trail busters
using Reich's technology
to clear chem trails
and stuff out of the sky
with varying degrees of success.
And I looked at it
all and also came
across a man named Karl Hans
Welz, who also developed
this material based on
Reich's work called orgonite,
which is basically a
non-conducting resin,
like fiberglass, with crystals
and minerals and metal powders
in them doing the
same kinds of things.
And so I looked at
all of that and said,
well, I understand it.
And also, I see that the people
who are playing with this stuff
don't really understand
what's going on with it.
Everybody's kind of
regurgitating all of this.
>> REGINA: What are you seeing
that is not commonly known
by those who follow
the orgonite story?
>> ROHLA: Well, one of the major
things was that what's creating
the skalar waves coming off
of these devices is the ORMUS
elements or the monoatomic
superconducting minerals
in the crystals, in the minerals
that they're using in these
devices.
Crystals have
these minerals that
can occur as individual atoms,
rather than normally they
are bound together in some
kind of three dimensional grid
pattern to make that element.
But certain elements like
the platinum group metals
and a few others can exist
as individual discrete atoms.
They're known as
monoatomic elements.
There's a whole huge
story about them.
But long story short, they
have very, very weird physics,
very weird properties.
And they are hiding.
They're kind of
like stealth matter.
They are not true physical,
three dimensional matter.
They are like this
multi-dimensional or
inter-dimensional matter
that exists simultaneously
throughout different
frequencies of space and time.
And so they're kind
of like an iceberg
where the tip of the iceberg
is the physical mineral
that we see, but
the majority of it
exists simultaneously in other
dimensions of time and space.
>> REGINA: And it's
all information.
>> ROHLA: Right.
>> REGINA: Do you take this
physically, internally,
as well?
I mean, being from Sedona, a lot
of people use monoatomic gold.
>> ROHLA: Well, actually,
probably everybody ingests
them, because they're in food.
But intentionally ingesting
them-- and I know what you're
talking about is man-made
monoatomic minerals--
I do not do man-made
monoatomic minerals.
I do monoatomic
minerals made by nature,
and this is what I've
been teaching for years.
>> REGINA: What's
that look like?
>> ROHLA: Fermentation,
photosynthesis,
and certain rocks-- they
naturally create monoatomic
elements that the body
can recognize and handle,
and it will only
enhance the body.
A lot of these man-made
monoatomic minerals
throw the body off, because the
electron spin on them is off,
and there's a lot of different
things about their structure
that can create problems.
>> REGINA: Yes, that's
what I've heard.
And you don't know which
one you're getting.
Some actually are working
beautifully, and others not.
But I guess you would
tell by the effect.
>> ROHLA: Exactly, exactly.
And unfortunately, the
effects can be subtle
until you have a train
wreck or something.
What they do is
they short circuit
the time between thought and
manifestation of thought.
Because the way they
work when you ingest them
in natural states,
they go into the body
and they plug into the
superconducting junctures
throughout the body that are
actually little black holes.
They're little
singularities, and they're
all along the nervous system.
They correspond to the
acupuncture meridians,
the chakras, the brain
neural pathways, and the DNA.
They're all loaded up with
these superconducting minerals,
and they are the interface
between consciousness
and the physical body.
So the more of them that
you have in your body
in natural forms, the
faster you can manifest,
the more easily you go
through life, the more aware
you are, the more connected to
yourself and to other people
and to nature and
to all of reality
you are, the more
compassionate that you are,
the more psychic you are,
et cetera, et cetera.
But when you ingest them
in these man-made forms,
typically when they're not in
a form beneficial to the body,
they will artificially
shorten that time
between thought
and manifestation.
And so you can wind up creating
a nightmare for yourself.
It's kind of like if all your
dreams came true at night,
it wouldn't necessarily--
>> REGINA: In an instant.
>> ROHLA: Right.
It wouldn't be a pretty picture.
>> REGINA: Do you explain
on your site the difference
between the two and how
to create and utilize
the naturally-occurring ones?
>> ROHLA: I do extensively.
And In my workshops
and in my talks,
I do talk a lot about it.
I generally just recommend for
people to make it themselves,
because they can make
their own for cheap.
>> REGINA: So what
do we make ourselves?
This is preempting the
rest of the conversation,
but let's go to
this part right now.
We're here.
>> ROHLA: OK.
Well, a very simple
thing you can do--
and the cool thing
about it is it
has a lot of other applications
just besides health--
but you can take some microbe
mixtures-- there's one
called Effective Microorganisms.
They go by different
brand names.
I sell them on my website.
>> REGINA: Is this is like humic
or folvic acid or any of these?
>> ROHLA: You can put humic
and folvic in it and create
monoatomics, and humic and
folvic are great to have
in these mixtures.
But what I teach
people to do is create
this ferment, this
fermented brew,
with this culture of microbes
from this Japanese professor
named Teruo Higa.
Effect Microorganisms
is what it's called.
You mix a quart of that with
a quart of blackstrap molasses
and five gallons of
water, and then you
can throw in mineral powders
that are high ORMUS-bearing
mineral powders-- for
example, Azomite, Rhyolite.
There's a fantastic book called
"The Enlivened Rock Powders"
by a man named Harvey Lisle.
>> REGINA: "The
Enlivened Rock Powders."
I'm writing this down.
OK.
>> ROHLA: "The Enlivened Rock
Powders" by Harvey Lisle.
You can get that
book, and you can
learn about 20
different rock powders
that you can put
into these brews.
You can put in herbs.
You can actually custom
make your own brew
if you just look
at different herbs
and what they're used for.
For example, you can
go to herb companies
and see what they
put in their blends
and just copy what
they're doing.
Throw them into this brew.
And you can custom
tailor brews for anything
from losing weight
to regaining hair
to whatever, healing
cancer, you name it.
>> REGINA: Depending on
the other elements, herbs,
and so forth that you put in.
>> ROHLA: Right, right.
>> REGINA: And so does
this have to actually brew?
>> ROHLA: It has to brew.
And typically, it takes
three to six months,
but I know people that
are brewing it for years.
Because you can take,
for example, this brew,
and you can put the brew
bucket inside of magnets,
or you can put magnets
around it or magnetite
sand, which is a
natural magnetic field.
Put it around the
brew bucket, and that
will enhance the creation
of the ORMUS elements.
That will increase it.
You can also put the
brew in a skalar field,
particularly like orgonite
field or like my devices--
>> REGINA: Near one of these?
>> ROHLA: Yeah,
my power devices.
They will increase the nutrient
levels and the ORMUS levels,
because it distresses
the microbes.
And then they eat more, and
they make more monoatomics
and more angstrom minerals
that are small particles.
>> REGINA: Right.
And so then when you
do finally consume it,
is it just like a
teaspoon or tablespoon?
How do you do that?
>> ROHLA: As much as you want.
That's the beautiful thing.
>> REGINA: OK.
You can't hurt yourself.
>> ROHLA: No.
It's a food.
So as long as you don't put
anything in there that's
toxic-- and
actually, even if you
do put some things in
there that are toxic,
usually these microbes
will them break them down
and make them nontoxic.
>> REGINA: So don't necessarily
make a cocktail out of it.
>> ROHLA: Right, yeah.
But if you throw herbs and
rock powders and things
like that in there,
you're basically
making this weak vinegar that
tastes kind of like molasses.
But it's loaded with
probiotics, and it's
loaded with monoatomic
and angstrom minerals.
It's all bioavailable.
So for example, if
you've bought a boatload
of crappy supplements
that aren't any good,
you can just throw them in there
and ferment them and rot them
and break them down, and
they will become bioavailable
completely as well.
>> REGINA: Ooh, interesting.
What about vitamin C?
>> ROHLA: You can
throw all of that in.
>> REGINA: Because there's a lot
of poor quality vitamin C out
there that is actually
harming some people.
But you're saying
that can transform it
into what the true potential
vitamin C should be.
>> ROHLA: Right, right.
>> REGINA: Interesting.
>> ROHLA: And toxins will get
broken down by this stuff.
Teruo Higa is proving--
and I've got this
on a hidden web
page on my website.
We'll give out
the link to that--
but there's a Japanese
professor named
Teruo Higa who came up
with these microbes.
Well, he is neutralizing
radioactivity
in Japan on the
farms and in soils
and on plants with
these microbes.
And it's dirt cheap.
You can culture
your own and make
gallons and gallons
and gallons of it.
Basically, what you do
is take the microbes,
mix it thousands
of parts of water
to one part of these microbes.
Spray them on the crops.
Spray them on the soil.
They will eat the
radioactive elements
and break them down
into nontoxic elements.
>> REGINA: That's fabulous.
>> ROHLA: And he's not
the only one doing it.
University of
Birmingham in the UK,
there's a professor there
named Lynne Macaskie who
is using E.coli
bacteria to break down
radioactive elements
into nontoxic elements.
And she's proving it, and
there are other people.
>> REGINA: It's amazing what
microbes can do and bacteria
can do to transform
things that are negative.
We think of them as our enemies.
>> ROHLA: They're
nature's nanotech.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> ROHLA: They're
highly beneficial.
And these ORMUS
elements, these angstrom,
which are just a few atoms of
these minerals bonded together,
and the monoatomics, which
are individual atoms-- those
are nature's nanotechnology.
Those are the nanotech that
are healing and helpful.
They enhance consciousness.
They strengthen the
mind-body connection.
They accelerate
healing because they
strengthen the
mind-body connection.
And this is a very
interesting point, too,
and this is the role of
consciousness in healing.
There's a man named
Thomas Bearden
who was a NASA
nuclear physicist.
Brilliant skalar physicist.
>> REGINA: Brilliant man.
>> ROHLA: And I was looking at
one of his patent applications
for a method for
neutralizing radioactivity,
and he said in that patent
application that he got
the idea from observing
how human cells regenerate.
And what he figured out was
that human cells will actually
send skalar waves through these
monoatomic elements in the cell
structures out into other
dimensions of time and space
or other frequencies of time
and space, go into the past
and get the genetic pattern
for the healthy cell,
bring it back into the
present, and utilize
it to make the new healthy cell.
>> REGINA: Well,
that makes sense.
I'm aware of certain
healing methods
as well where all one
has to do is use the mind
to collapse the
time-space continuum back
into that perfect
reality, and you
can have instant
healings with people.
And this is, again, the same.
>> ROHLA: That's the way all
healing actually happens.
The mind is restructuring
the matter in the body moment
by moment.
And when we take in
food or supplements
or whatever to heal
and regenerate cells,
that's really just because
of our belief systems.
We're getting these raw
materials, yes, to help out,
and it does accelerate it.
But I have worked with people
who just work on the mind
and will heal major
ailments like brain cancer
or restructure bones in the
body from severe trauma.
So the mind absolutely
has the ability
to restructure matter in
the body and elsewhere.
We have just not
developed those abilities.
And so this is what
we've got to get back to,
is purifying our mind,
purifying our emotions,
purifying our bodies,
getting these toxins out,
whether they're physical
toxins or emotional toxins.
I've done work, for example,
with meditation-- vipassana
meditation in particular--
where you sit and do
12 hours of meditation a
day for 10 days straight.
You take a vow of
silence, and all
you do is go within and
observe your breath.
But in that process, I have
disconnected my consciousness
from my physical body and
seen the subatomic energetic
structure of the
body and seen what
they call Gordian knots,
these energetic knots that
block the physical
structures in the body.
And you can use the
mind to release those.
And the moment that
you do, whatever
physical issues you had related
to them go away instantly.
So absolutely we can
heal very quickly just
using the mind and emotions.
>> REGINA: Let's
talk about this.
>> ROHLA: OK.
Well, first of all,
what this device is
is basically it
has inside the box
a very small circuit that
generates skalar waves,
and it sends those skalar
wave signals into a coil
that I developed that
mimics human DNA.
Because when I learned that
human DNA was basically
a superconducting antenna
for consciousness,
it takes consciousness
and brings it
into a form in the
genetic expression.
So the genetic blueprint is
not in the DNA chemistry.
It's in consciousness.
>> REGINA: It's in
consciousness, yes.
>> ROHLA: And it's just
transferred through the DNA
into physicality.
So anyway, the coil in
it mimics the human DNA.
And that coil is wrapped
around a selenite crystal,
and then it's all
immersed in a resin that
is full of 12 different
ORMUS-bearing minerals
and metal powders
of various kinds.
And essentially, it's orgonite
amped up in its power.
So it puts out a strong skalar
field that pulses at what's
called the Schumann resonance.
The Schumann
resonance is a pulsing
in the Earth's atmosphere
that is supposed
to slow us down and relax our
brains and nervous systems.
Our brains and
nervous systems are
designed to entrain
with pulsing.
That's why when you hear
a beat or you hear music,
you want to go with the beat.
It's because we're designed
to entrain with that.
And so the Earth
has its own pulse
that is designed like
a mother's heartbeat
to calm us down, relax us,
and slow us down and get us
into deep sleep, particularly
delta and theta brain wave
states at night.
Nobody hardly is getting
into those brain wave states
these days.
Because of all the
man-made EMF on the planet,
the Schumann
resonance of the Earth
has accelerated to almost
double of what it should be.
So instead of listening
to Lawrence Welk,
we're all listening to
disco, and our brains
and our nervous systems don't
shut down completely at night.
So this pulses at the
old Schumann resonance,
the original 7.86 Hertz, and
slows you down and gets you
into deep sleep at night.
And when you're awake, it
doesn't make you sleepy.
It destresses you.
It stops jet lag and a whole
host of different benefits.
But having developed
this technology,
I was familiar with
building with skalar waves.
And skalar waves really are
kind of the energetic fabric
of the universe.
What they are are
faster-than-light energy
that flows in these spirals
that branch as they go along.
And this branching
is called fractaling,
so they're spiraling
vortexes of energy
that branch and
fractal as they go.
And I liken it to
God consciousness,
because it's been
discovered-- and I
know you have had Nassim
Haramein and a bunch
of other people on your
programs discussing this,
but the structure
of the universe
and how energy flows
through the universe.
This faster-than-light
skalar energy
comes from the
centers of universes,
flows outward,
spiraling and branching
as it goes through the
centers of galaxies.
And galaxies have this
energetic structure
like a torus or a doughnut.
And so the energy
comes spiraling out
of center of that donut outward
around the outside of the donut
and back into the center,
and it just continually
is spiraling around like that.
And if you look at our galaxy,
that's how it's structured.
The planets and the suns
are all pinwheeling out
from the center of the galaxy.
Well this energy, as it's coming
from the center of the galaxy,
it's relayed outward from the
centers of suns to other suns
to other suns.
Nassim Haramein is
talking about this,
how the center of
suns and planets
have singularities
inside of them
or this black hole-white
hole combination.
>> REGINA: Which is simply
another higher dimensional
aspect of themselves and
information flowing through
that.
>> ROHLA: Exactly.
And so just like at the
scale of the galactic
you've got this torus-shaped
field of energy flowing
in spirals of the whole galaxy,
individual suns and planets
also have that same field,
that same toral field
with the same flow of energy.
And so as that energy's flowing
and being relayed from sun
to sun to sun and from sun
to the planet, it gets to us,
and it comes to us from
our sun from above and from
inside the Earth
from a singularity
at the center of the Earth.
And it comes to
us, and guess what?
We're full of
singularities, too.
We have the same
torus-shaped field around us.
>> REGINA: So do our cells.
So does each atom.
>> ROHLA: Exactly.
Our cells, the atoms.
>> REGINA: Everything is that.
>> ROHLA: Exactly.
It goes infinitely.
So what we're really
living in is a universe
that is a web of black holes--
actually black hole-white hole
combinations or singularities.
So when you understand
that, you get this flow
of faster-than-light skalar
waves going through all of it.
And so when it gets to us,
we can use our consciousness
to slow it down and
coagulate it into the matter
and the energies that
we can see and measure.
And that's what we do.
That's how consciousness
creates reality.
It's not some metaphysical
woo-woo concept.
Our brains are skalar
wave transceivers.
They pick up and
transmit skalar waves,
and they create
reality that way.
These skalar waves slow down
and become matter or the energy
that we can measure,
and we're constantly
doing this continually.
OK?
So these devices are just
constructs outside of ourselves
that we don't really need.
We can do all this
stuff ourselves.
It's just that with
all the craziness
that's going on in the
world-- for example,
you could get a group
of people and go
sit in a circle out
in your backyard,
and you can clear chem trails
simply by meditating on it,
using your skalar wave
generators to do that.
But you'd have to be out
there all day and all night.
>> REGINA: And you'd have
to have very clear focus.
This is often the problem
when people come together
in meditation.
The desire is to go away feeling
enhanced or better oneself.
And so the mind wanders
off to this and that,
and you have very non-cohesive
types of meditations in group
instead of -- what you're
talking about would require
laser-like focus of each of the
participants for an extended
period of time, which
we're not very good at yet.
>> ROHLA: Exactly, exactly.
>> REGINA: So this has that
laser-like focus is what
you're saying.
>> ROHLA: Exactly.
That's it, and that's
a very good point.
I mean, that's why shamans
and mystics and teachers
throughout time have talked
about purifying the mind,
purifying the body, purifying
the emotions so that you
can develop that
focus and manifest
the life of your dreams
rather than being subjected
to the reality of other people.
So, yeah.
So these are a crutch
for our current paradigm.
>> REGINA: But they're
a crutch that's useful?
>> ROHLA: Very useful.
I mean, it protects against EMF.
It gets you into deep sleep.
>> REGINA: Let's talk
about the chem trail part.
We have some chem trail images.
One of them is
that ruffled effect
of these layers upon
layers upon layers,
this one we're looking at here.
That is not natural.
How can anyone look
up and say there's
something natural about that?
It just cracks me
up that it's so
obvious there's a problem here.
>> ROHLA: Well, if you
study fluid dynamics,
there are occasions when these
kinds of patterns can show up
in clouds, but not
for 150 miles across.
>> REGINA: No, not across.
>> ROHLA: I mean, I've flown
in airplanes across the entire
state of Georgia and seen the
whole sky across all of Georgia
covered with these
patterns, these --
longitudinal wave patterns
is what they're called.
>> REGINA: Yes, yes.
And sometimes they
have zippered effects.
Well, here we go.
This is interesting here.
>> ROHLA: Those are two
skalar wave patterns that are
intersecting, as you
can see from above.
>> REGINA: Yes.
Isn't that interesting?
Yesterday when I was flying in,
I flew right over a chem trail
just freshly made.
It was interesting.
And it had that grayish
quality from above as
opposed to the white
of the cumulus and all.
>> ROHLA: Yeah.
And it doesn't dissolve
like water vapors do.
>> REGINA: No, it
doesn't dissolve.
So tell us again the
significance of this.
>> ROHLA: Well, these skalar
waves that I've been talking
about, they always travel.
They spiral in a
vortex, and they're
what are called
longitudinal waves.
Normal waves that
we're familiar with
are called transverse waves,
and they move up and down
like this.
And in reality,
actually, they spiral.
I was taught in
engineering school
that electricity flows
in waves like this.
Actually, it doesn't.
>> REGINA: It spirals.
>> ROHLA: It's spiraling.
You're just looking
at it from the side,
and it looks like it's
going up and down.
But these are more like waves.
If you take a Slinky and
you shake it back and forth
and it jiggles back and forth,
that's a transverse wave.
If you take it and just drop
it straight down, hanging down,
it will get a pressure wave in
it, and that's a skalar wave.
That's a longitudinal wave.
So these are signatures of
longitudinal waves, which
are created by these
man-made skalar wave
generators like HAARP
towers or GWEN towers.
>> REGINA: And the HAARP is
interfacing with the chem
trails?
>> ROHLA: Right.
My understanding of it is
from what little information--
>> REGINA: There's
a HAARP array.
>> ROHLA: There's a HAARP array.
>> REGINA: Is that that
classic one in Alaska?
>> ROHLA: That's the
one in Alaska, mhm.
My understanding is that when
you spray these metal powders
over an area, they act as
an antenna for skalar waves.
So when you bombard an
area with skalar waves
or other kinds of
frequencies, they
spread the frequency evenly
below the metal aerosols.
And so I'm sure there
are other uses for them,
but I can tell you in
making skalar devices using
these metal powders that it
evens out the wave patterns.
So you can bombard
an area more evenly
with a frequency which can be
used for healing or suppressing
consciousness or
all kinds of stuff.
>> REGINA: There's another
one on your site that's really
interesting.
It's a satellite view in real
time of chem trails being laid
across the United States,
which is, when you look at it,
is just shocking.
And if you're really going to
go into the emotions of it,
depressing.
Because here, on
many, many levels--
to say nothing of the fact
that we're being poisoned
with this-- but secondarily,
you think about it,
and here we have this horrible
economic crisis going on.
But somehow in the
black budget, there's
enough money to do all these
amazingly expensive projects
that don't seem to work
toward our benefit.
So just on cost
analysis alone, this
is devastating that our
money is being used that way.
>> ROHLA: Well, I don't know
that our money is being used.
If you follow the work of
David Wilcock and other people
exposing this secret economy--
>> REGINA: I understand
what you're saying,
but it's still our money.
>> ROHLA: Well,
ultimately it is, sure.
>> REGINA: We supply
it through drugs.
There are many different ways.
I mean, certainly the
narcotics industry
is one of the big ways of
feeding that particular Black
Ops beast, black budget.
And nonetheless, we're not
paying for it with tax dollars,
but we're paying for it.
>> ROHLA: Right, in many ways.
Energetically as well.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> ROHLA: Yeah, absolutely.
I know.
I mean, when I look at
what's going on with science
and the military, it's
completely insane to me.
I can't believe anybody would be
so stupid to think that the way
to clean up pollutants
is by putting more
pollutants in the air, which is
their cover story, of course.
So none of it makes
sense to me, because they
live on this planet as well.
But what's going
on in my impression
of working with people
like this or meeting people
like this is that
most of them are
so disconnected from themselves
and from other people
and from nature that
they are not aware
and don't believe that
it's causing problems
for themselves.
They are completely
objectified in it.
>> REGINA: Yes, absolutely.
OK, so we were
talking about when
you say this device has
the capability of clearing
the effects of chem
trails, explain
what that means technically.
>> ROHLA: Well, this particular
device doesn't, but this
technology does.
And I'll give you
some for examples.
>> REGINA: OK, this technology.
>> ROHLA: OK, I have
worked with people.
And I haven't worked
with this man,
but there is a Russian physicist
named Alexander Golod, who
is a highly
credentialed physicist.
He works for the
Russian government.
He has a multimillion
dollar budget.
And the Russian
military, I'm sure,
was interested in studying
pyramids for weaponry.
But Golod, to his
credit, studied them
intently for beneficial
purposes, including healing.
And he built a
very large pyramid.
He built lots of them
around the world,
and he discovered
one thing-- that all
of the pyramids
around the world are
part of one planetary
skalar wave grid system.
So even though they may have
been built at different times
by different cultures,
there was somebody
that had to have had a global
perspective or possibly
an extraterrestrial
perspective that coordinated
the building of these
pyramids into one skalar wave
system around the globe.
So he showed that,
and he's talked a lot
about that, which is quite
interesting in and of itself
that a high-level Russian
physicist would say this.
>> REGINA: And my understanding
is Putin and many other
high-level physicists and
dignitaries around the world
actually utilize one of those
pyramids for healing effects.
>> ROHLA: I wouldn't
be at all surprised,
because these secrets have been
known by the powers that be
throughout time, and they
have been utilized by them.
They just don't share them
with the average Joe Sixpack.
That's what it boils down to.
>> REGINA: Well, you've just
opened up a whole other area
of discussion we'll get into in
a moment because of this notion
that these were intelligently
laid out to begin with
and continued over millennia
after millennia to be laid out.
But before we get into that
and the potential consciousness
behind that, let's look at
the pyramid as a mountain--
I mean, essentially, as
an artificial construct.
You say that mountains are
skalar wave transceivers.
>> ROHLA: Yes.
>> REGINA: And so let's
look at the mountains.
We're in the Rocky
Mountains right now.
>> ROHLA: OK.
This is a great example of
how this fits into this model
that I was talking about
with this energy flowing
for the centers of galaxies and
it's relayed from sun to sun
to sun.
It comes to us.
It gets to us, and it's coming
up from the center of the Earth
and it's coming
down from the sun.
When it's coming up from
the center of the Earth,
it's passing through
the body of the Earth
and through the
crust of the Earth.
And when it gets
closer to the surface,
it's passing through
minerals and crystals
that will modify its frequency.
Crystals are oscillators.
They modulate frequencies.
I mean, this is well known
in physics and engineering.
That's what they're used for.
So basically, the crystals and
the minerals around the planet
are chakras of the
Earth that modulate
the frequencies of
this skalar energy
into beneficial and healing
natural frequencies that
benefit living organisms
on the surface.
And mountains are simply
large skalar wave transmitters
and receivers where
that energy is
coming in from the center
of the Earth to them
and also coming
down from the sun.
It meets inside of them.
And particularly with
volcanic mountains
that are high in these
monoatomic minerals,
these superconducting
minerals, volcanic rock
is particularly high in them.
And so they act as a lens or an
antenna for these skalar waves,
and they bring them into form
and have effects in their area
that are very beneficial
for a living organism.
So mountains all around the
world are skalar wave antennas
or transceivers.
Well, it turns out you can make
man-made artificial skalar wave
transceivers by
mimicking mountains.
>> REGINA: Ie, pyramids.
>> ROHLA: Yeah.
Orgonite, Wilhelm Reich's
work, these pyramids--
that's what they do.
If you build them out
of certain materials,
particularly high ORMUS
stone-- the pyramids in Egypt,
for example, are made out
of sedimentary stone that's
high in these
monoatomic minerals--
and you build them with
certain dimensions and angles.
And the bigger they are,
the bigger the waves
they can capture.
Then you can tune
them to pick up
certain frequencies
for different purposes,
and those purposes
can be for healing
or for balancing weather,
neutralizing toxins.
Because Golod showed in
his scientific research
with his pyramids, particularly
the one outside of Moscow--
it's like an
141-foot-high pyramid--
that it will neutralize
radioactivity.
It will neutralize toxins
in soil and air and water.
People that sit inside
of it, it will heal them
of major ailments.
It even brought back an
extinct species of flower,
and this is mind-blowing.
>> REGINA: Let's
talk about that.
That is mind-blowing.
>> ROHLA: This was what really
gave me hope for the world when
I saw this.
Because, like I say,
I know that there
are solutions for
all these problems,
and I don't think that all of
these solutions are out there,
and we're just going to
go up in a puff of smoke.
I think that things
are going to change,
and things are
going to get better
for the people that choose it.
But Golod noticed that they've
got these large fields--
and you can go on
YouTube, by the way,
and you can see his
pyramid on YouTube.
Just search on his name.
It's Alexander G-O-L-O-D. And
outside the fields around this
pyramid, large fields, they
noticed these flowers growing
that no one had
ever seen before.
So they called in a
botanist and discovered
that the flowers had
been extinct on Earth
for 11 million years.
And when I heard that,
it was mind-blowing.
And he theorized that
what was going on
is that these
pyramids were bringing
in the pattern
for these flowers.
Somehow they tuned into it.
What some people might
call the akashic records,
he calls the quantum field.
But he theorized that the
pattern for everything
that has ever
existed or ever will
is out there in
the quantum field
and that we can bring them in
with these skalar wave devices.
Well, I mean, human beings are
skalar wave transceivers, too.
Our brains and nervous
systems do the same thing.
So that told me that
we can potentially
bring back extinct species
that we've killed off.
So even if it looks hopeless,
even if we kill the oceans off
and all of this stuff,
there's the potential
that we could bring
these species back.
>> REGINA: Which is amazing.
>> ROHLA: It's very exciting.
>> REGINA: So let's
talk a little bit about
the consciousness behind it.
Now, this is the controversial
part of our conversation.
But I've dealt with so
many people over the years
and had experiences
myself that it's
not even uncomfortable anymore.
So let's just go for it.
Throughout your
life, you have also
had contact with beings--
off-planet cultures is
the politically-correct term
now-- in other words, aliens.
And we can argue back and
forth in our communities
about whether this
is something that's
projected from somewhere,
whether it's other dimensional,
whatever.
But the reality is, the
proof is in the pudding,
and the information
that has flowed through
to you and others has been
extremely profound in helping
you understand some of
these higher concepts.
Can you talk a little bit
about what was shared with you
and how they
initially came to you?
>> ROHLA: Yeah.
Well, they've been coming
to me my whole life,
but it evolved over the
course of my lifetime
as I grew and developed
and could understand more
about the nature of
what was going on.
As a child, I had a lot
of unusual experiences.
For example, I would wake
up in the middle of night,
and there would be a
bright light coming
in from the windows
in my bedroom.
And I would see humanoid
silhouettes in my bedroom,
and I would just have
a brief memory of that,
and that would be it.
And occasionally, I would
have very, very vivid,
colorful dreams where
I would get information
that I wouldn't even remember
what the information was.
I would just remember getting
downloads of information.
And as I got older, they
started becoming more conscious
where I would have these not
really even dreams, but altered
states, usually at night,
where I would get information.
And it didn't have any
bearing on anything in my life
at the time.
And when I got into
my 20s and I started
getting exposed to the Seth
material and channel material,
I started to wonder
if some of these
experiences I had if
it wasn't just me.
And I just thought, oh,
these are just weird dreams
or whatever, and it's just me.
And so I started
to think, well, I
wonder if this is coming
from somewhere else.
And so over a period of
many years, particularly
throughout my 20s, I
started talking to myself,
to these voices
that were sharing
this information, these
pictures and things,
and saying, well, OK.
If this isn't me, then I
want to know who you are.
And so I went
through this period
of many years of
experiences that brought me
to the understanding that
I was indeed having contact
with inter-dimensional
beings, extraterrestrials,
whatever you want to call them.
They presented themselves
to me as reptilians.
And eventually, I did
encounter them visually.
I didn't touch them.
But I kept saying to
them, if you're for real
and this isn't all
just in my head,
then I've got to
meet you physically.
And they would tell
me, we can't do that,
because your DNA has been
programmed to fear us.
It would traumatize
you and thwart the work
that we're doing with you.
But I kept pressing for it
and kept pressing for it.
And so finally, I
did see them out
in some woods at a very
powerful vortex place.
And they were right.
It terrified me.
And for a few years,
I was terrified
of being abducted
and stuff like that.
>> REGINA: You know, this is
an important thing to bring up.
Because the R word,
"reptilian," we
are designed to be
frightened of it.
And then, of course, with a lot
of the work of my friend David
Icke and others,
which have highlighted
some of what the rogue
elements have done,
we have reason to probably-- if
you're going to go into fear--
you might as well fear that
as much as anything else
and collaborations with
people in the power structures
that we know of and you
alluded to a little bit ago.
But it's the same as
with human beings.
And this species,
just as there are
those who have gone rogue and
choose to exploit humanity,
there are those who
are certainly here
along with many other species
trying to help humanity.
And in that sense,
that's the nature
of your relationship with them.
>> ROHLA: Exactly, and
that's been my experience.
And I've met quite a few
scientists and inventors
who also have had
extraterrestrial contact quite
extensively.
And most of them
won't talk about it,
because it would destroy
their academic credentials.
Fortunately, I don't have
any academic credentials
to destroy.
And I don't care what
people think of me,
so I'll tell the truth about my
experience, delusional or not.
I don't really care
what people think.
But this is a little
secret that people in the
know who are developing
these-- I would
be at all surprised,
for example,
if Alexander Golod
is having some kind
of extraterrestrial interaction.
>> REGINA: Oh, well, I can't
tell you how many people I
interview have.
Most of them admit it.
Some don't want to talk
about it on camera.
Even Colin Andrews has just
come out with his book finally
revealing how he was exposed
to all this information
and knowledge
about crop circles.
It took him a long
time, but he's saying,
no, this is how
it actually works.
These beings are
reaching out to us.
>> ROHLA: Well, for anybody
that thinks it's a bunch
of nonsense, just go on to
YouTube and search on Paul
Hellyer.
I think it's H-E-L-Y-E-R.
>> REGINA: Yes, I think I'm
going to be speaking with him
on my show soon.
>> ROHLA: Great.
Paul Hellyer, the
former minister
of defense of
Canada, the man who
was in charge of the
whole military in Canada
who reports directly
to the prime minister,
is on camera before US
Congresspeople saying not only
have all these
different governments
had extraterrestrial contact,
but the United States
has two ETs working
for them right now.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
OK so we have that straight.
This is a reality.
So let's talk about--
because you're
looking at the
healing implications
for these technologies with
what we're being exposed to.
I mean, as you say, the
solution arrives just
in time with the problem.
And what was explained
to you regarding
this kind of technology,
radiation, all of it?
>> ROHLA: Well,
in the beginning,
I got lots and lots of
information that didn't make
any sense to me about
gold, for example.
These reptiles spent a year and
half talking to me about gold.
They went on and on
and on about gold.
And it didn't make any sense
to me, because of the time
I wasn't aware of monoatomics.
And what they were
really talking about
was monoatomic gold.
But they said things like
that extraterrestrials
used monoatomic gold for
time travel and dimension
travel because it
existed the same
throughout different
dimensions of time and space.
And so guess what?
There are, of course,
military and I
think it was Argonne National
Labs developed a spacecraft,
supposedly, that can
time travel and dimension
travel using monoatomic gold.
And of course, David Hudson
has shown that it will.
So they gave me
information about that.
It was always these
snippets of information.
They had it very
well planned out.
But to me, it didn't
make any sense.
>> REGINA: Because this is
not information that you were
familiar with at the time.
>> ROHLA: No, not at all.
>> REGINA: So they prepped you
over a long period of time.
>> ROHLA: Oh, many years.
>> REGINA: And so you
came to the point --
once you were given
the bits of data,
what was your clear and present
understanding about how all
of this can be reversed and
utilized for healthy purposes
instead of negative?
>> ROHLA: Well, the most
important point, I think,
of it all is that the way to fix
everything is to reconnect with
nature and reconnect
with ourselves.
For example, yes, you can
make monoatomic elements
in all these alchemical
ways, but it's
going to create all
kinds of problems,
just like all these other
man-made things we've done
are going to create problems.
You've got to use nature.
So instead of using lye
and all these toxic methods
of making monoatomic elements
that are toxic themselves,
use fermentation
or photosynthesis
or vortexing water.
That's another
great way to do it.
>> REGINA: Yes, water vortex.
>> ROHLA: These are all natural
ways that have been tried
and true for thousands of years.
Teachers throughout time have
been talking about this stuff.
It's nothing new.
But with this new understanding
of the nature of it,
we can make it
even more powerful
and enhance it even stronger.
>> REGINA: And we only
have a couple minutes here.
Let's talk a little
bit about also
some of the foods
and other elements
that you really rely on
to keep the body clean
and also to transmute these
heavy metals, for one.
>> ROHLA: Yeah.
That's a very important point.
Because for most people,
with their belief systems,
you're going to need to
do the physical things,
and that means, for example,
continual detoxification
of the body using food.
I use, for example, lots and
lots of chlorophyll in my diet.
I eat probably at least
80% raw living foods.
I grow most of my
own food and sprouts.
I just built a new greenhouse,
as a mater of fact,
so I can grow all of my food.
>> REGINA: Wow.
That's perfect.
>> ROHLA: And the cool
thing is, for example,
you can grow plants, and you
can use these ferments to make
plant foods.
The same way that you
can feed yourself,
you can feed them to plants
and it will jack up the ORMUS
levels in your plants
astronomically.
So then your food is
extremely regenerative
and will neutralize
radioactivity in the body.
So there's one thing
right there you can do.
You can feed rock powders
and microbes to plants
and create high ORMUS
plants that you can eat,
and it will neutralize
radiation in body.
Chlorella, any kind
of chlorophyll,
wheatgrass juice, spirulina--
and also, by the way,
you can take these
and ferment them
and make them even
more bioavailable.
>> REGINA: Putting
them in with that brew?
Can you put those
in with the brew?
>> ROHLA: Yes, absolutely.
For example, Klamath
Lake blue-green algae.
One of the reasons why
it's so regenerative
is because the algae are
feeding on volcanic ash
from the mountains
surrounding it,
and volcanic minerals are always
high in monoatomic elements.
So what you're
ingesting is a big dose
of ORMUS with those algae.
>> REGINA: That's
the one I take, yeah.
>> ROHLA: So all of those.
High-water content living foods
to flush the body continually.
I use zeolites to
pull toxins out.
It depends on what
kind of zeolite.
You can also take
zeolites and ferment them
and have the same effect.
But if there's any toxic
side elements in them,
which some zeolites have,
you can get rid of them.
There are medicinal mushrooms.
There are fungi.
I stay away nowadays
from eating anything
from the ocean, particularly
the Pacific Ocean.
For anybody who thinks that
the Pacific Ocean isn't
that polluted yet from
Fukushima, think again.
You can go onto YouTube.
And actually if you go to my
website, I'll give you a link,
and you can go and see all this.
>> REGINA: OK, let's talk
about your website now.
How do people find you?
>> ROHLA: OK.
Well, my main website
is freshandalive.com.
My blog is beyondrawfood.com.
Because I talk about
this stuff and I
get so many people,
particularly people
with heavy scientific
conditioning,
they think that what
I'm saying is nonsense.
So I've accumulated a huge body
of scientific evidence showing
what I'm talking about.
So if you go to
radiationlinks.freshandalive.com,
you can see I've got--
>> REGINA: Those are the
secret files, the proof.
>> ROHLA: And it's
not anywhere else.
You cannot get to it on
my website from any links.
You've got to go there.
I will get it on my blog.
But that's got
mountains and mountains
of evidence about all this
stuff I've been talking about,
showing this stuff.
And there is a link there to a
video of a man in San Francisco
measuring radiation
on the beaches,
and its astronomically high.
It's dangerous levels.
So it's definitely in the ocean.
>> REGINA: So we have a problem,
but we also have the solutions.
That's the point.
And I think it's right to make
the scientific information
available to people, because
we still have a conscious mind,
and we're not going to
bypass it any time soon.
So it just has to make sense to
us so that we can take action.
So any final comment
before we sign off?
>> ROHLA: Well, the one thing
that I always leave people with
is to understand that we
truly always have the solution
simultaneously
with the problems.
So all you have to do nowadays
is do a few magic hand
motions like this and this
with the great oracle Google
and you can find the solutions.
I mean just google
"neutralize radioactivity."
There's 61 patents for
neutralizing radioactivity
on the first page
of Google results.
>> REGINA: Yes, indeed.
>> ROHLA: Why aren't
these people googling?
>> REGINA: Yeah, no kidding.
Well, it's such an
important message.
I guess because we start
becoming paralyzed.
When we're faced with something
that's that large and pervasive
and the fear sets in,
it paralyzes people.
>> ROHLA: And we're
so mind controlled,
but that's a whole nother topic.
>> REGINA: That
is another topic,
and you'll come back and we'll
talk about that one as well.
Thank you so much
for your time, Ken.
>> ROHLA: Oh, it's my pleasure.
Thank you.
>> REGINA: Again, you can watch
also my interviews with Michael
Murphy and G. Edward Griffin.
For more background and
to go a little further
into the whole subject, you can
also watch their documentary
"Why in the World
are They Spraying?"
and "What in the World
And that's here,
available on Gaiam TV.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Gaiam TV.